docs: add Mirror Node connectivity troubleshooting runbook (#3057)
hiero-ledger/hiero-block-node: docs/block-node/troubleshooting.md

           org.hiero.block.api.BlockStreamSubscribeService/subscribeBlockStream \
           '{"start_block_number": <BLOCK>, "end_block_number": <BLOCK>}'
       ```
   - Verify the correct advertised hostname / IP and port in Block Node config, and that DNS or load balancer points to the active node.
3. **TLS and auth**
   - Check client logs for:
     - `x509: certificate has expired or is not yet valid`.
     - Hostname mismatch between certificate and endpoint.
     - Unknown CA / trust failures.

>    - On the Block Node, confirm TLS cert and key paths are correct, readable, and that certificates are not expired and the chain is complete.

Reviewer: There should be an "if TLS is enabled" check here, it's not normally enabled.

4. **Service configuration**

>    - Ensure `BlockStreamSubscribeService` is enabled in the Block Node configuration.

Reviewer: The name here should be a component name (which is the name used to create the plugin jar).
In this case `stream-subscriber`.

```suggestion
   - Ensure `stream-subscriber` is present in the Block Node plugin configuration.
```
